It is a data brief for a TV Launch email campaign and push notification. 

It helps the overseas team within Samsung to build the workflow within Adobe. Using the databrief, I explain the type of send i.e Email/Push notification, the date of the send, the stage of the campaign we are currently in i.e Pre-Launch, Launch and Post Purchase. It excludes any ongoing and past campaigns IDs. I would like to exclude the customers who purchased the Galaxy S24 Ultra, Galaxy S23 Ultra and Galaxy S23 FE in 2023 and 2024. I have also excluded any customers who were interested in purchasing domestic appliances. wearables and smartphones. I have used the BDC model to target DTC and Non DTC customers within this send. Then I have provided the breakdown on the product i.e TV / mobile name, the segment name which describes when they have purchased the TV i.e before 2016 and the audience description i.e a bit of an elaboration for any of the specific TV models we want to include. 

I have also added in a separate segment for customers who are in the EO propensity model who have scored between 80 and 100 for a TV purchase. These customers are highly likely to purchase a TV based on the high scores assigned to them. The algorithm scores each customer on their past purchase behavior and Samsung ecosystem activity. The scoring helps with standardising customer grouping. 

Usually I also attach the creatives from the creative team to the data brief so  in the A/B testing column I will be split testing creative A and B with audiences who own the premium 22 inch TVs versus the basic 22 inch TVs and capping the send at 2 million each. The title column uses a concatenate formula to combine the relevant columns further, and gives the send title. This title is then used for reports and decks during the analysis period. 

For the push notifications, I have excluded any ongoing trigger campaigns for other Samsung Services like Samsung Wallet, Store and Wearables. Push notifications are not capped for this campaign and will be send 2 days after the emails are sent to nudge the customer further. 

Detailed data briefs like these were built for various Samsung campaigns to assist with audience segmentation and avoid any overlap with other campaigns, past or current purchases. Samsung's CRM relational database connects key customer interactions, ensuring a seamless experience across marketing. The Customer subscription table links to Orders (purchases), SupportTickets (issues), Marketing Campaigns (promotions), and LoyaltyProgram (rewards). This setup helps track purchase history, personalize offers, resolve issues efficiently, and reward loyal customers. By integrating these tables, valuable insights are gained to better segment audiences.
